[DOCS] Adding PowerShell version of the setupvars and build_samples scripts for master (#22631)
openvinotoolkit/openvino: src/frontends/onnx/docs/tests.md

## Pre-steps for all Python tests
1. Build OpenVINO with `-DENABLE_PYTHON=ON`, preferably in a `Python` virtual environment. To avoid problems with too many Python interpreters installed on the host, you can also set the `-DPython3_EXECUTABLE=<PYTHON_INTERPRETER_PATH>` build option (requires cmake 3.16 and higher).
> **NOTE**: If you want to run the tests from the installation directory (like in the CI), add the `-P cmake_install.cmake` and `-DCOMPONENT=tests` CMake build options, and install OpenVINO via `cmake --build . --target install` as additional steps.

> 2. Set up Python paths via `source <OV_INSTALL_DIR>/setupvars.sh` for Linux, or `. <path-to-setupvars-folder>/setupvars.ps1` in PowerShell (or `sh <INSTALL_DIR>\setupvars.bat` in Command Prompt) for Windows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Set up Python paths via `source <OV_INSTALL_DIR>/setupvars.sh` for Linux, `. <path-to-setupvars-folder>/setupvars.ps1` for Windows PowerShell, or `sh <INSTALL_DIR>\setupvars.bat` for windows CMD.
```

> 2. Set up Python paths via `source <OV_INSTALL_DIR>/setupvars.sh` for Linux, `. <path-to-setupvars-folder>/setupvars.ps1` for Windows PowerShell, or `sh <INSTALL_DIR>\setupvars.bat` for windows Command Prompt.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Set up Python paths via `source <OV_INSTALL_DIR>/setupvars.sh` for Linux, `. <path-to-setupvars-folder>/setupvars.ps1` for Windows PowerShell, or `sh <INSTALL_DIR>\setupvars.bat` for Windows Command Prompt.
```
